A goat that doesn't know what time it is will work just fine.
A goat that is not Y2K compliant will simply eat and shit. Because that's what goats do.
You don't need to authorize the purchase of a new goat, you simply encourage your goats to make one from existing parts.
A goat doesn't have enough fingers to press &lt;Shift&gt;&lt;Ctrl&gt;&lt;Alt&gt;&lt;Esc&gt;
Goats don't argue about it being another goat's problem. They just kick each others ass.
If a goat had to document every time it took a shit, we would be out of forests.
Goats don't give a shit about email.
The only way a goat can deliver an 'application' is through its ass.
Goats can't get their benefits revoked; they're just made into goat steak for dinner.
A goat farmer doesn't have to provide documentation on his goat's ability to produce milk after the year 2000.
GoatEng.
Goats don't have to wait half an hour to cool down before you can change the projection bulb.
Goats aren't designed with consumables that require a trip back to the workshop to replace.
You don't have to buy hi - res KVMs for your goats.
You don't have to carry around dongles for the 793 types of USB. Goats truly are universal.
There's no need to orchestrate goat deployments in the cloud.
Nobody will ever say <i>'Cattle, not pets!'</i> to you again.
Nobody will argue with you about whether you should be using Kanban or Scrum to milk your goats.
Nobody really gives a shit what color your goat shed is.
Your barn will never melt down because of the latest Intel&reg; CPU bug.
When your goat speculates, it's just about what the next fucked up thing it's going to eat.
Your goats won't ever get 30% slower overnight after getting their shots.
Instead of 'blameless retrospectives', you just have goat steak for dinner.
Configuration management involves a rope or fencing.
The only Chef involved is in the kitchen.
The 'bit bucket' is the container your goat last tried to eat.
When a goat faints, it's adorable af.
You can't hook your servers up to a chariot and ride into town wielding a spear.
You'll never, ever, ever have to rebase a goat.
You will never receive LinkedIn network invites from a goat.
Goats don't call you every Monday morning because they forgot their password over the weekend.
Goats cannot be phished.
Goats will eat stray flashdrives, rather than plug them in.
China, Russia, and North Korea will not attempt to infiltrate your goat farm.